Update documentation on ad hoc constant limitations. (#372)
aurora-opensource/au: docs/reference/constant.md

line.  The built constant also has all of the multiplication and division operators types that
`Constant` supports, as well as its perfect conversion policy to any `Quantity` type.

> The only disadvantage is the unit label for an ad hoc `Constant` will not be specific to that
> `Constant`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only disadvantage is that an ad hoc `Constant` gets an ad hoc unit symbol, instead of a simple,
concise symbol.  The example below demonstrates the difference.
```

I thought this read a little more clearly.

> ```cpp
>     constexpr auto c = make_constant(meters / second * mag<299'792'458>());
> 
>     constexpr auto v = (miles / hour)(65.0);
> 
>     std::cout << v.as(c) << std::endl;
>     // Output:
>     // "9.69257e-08 [299792458 m / s]"
> 
>     // Found in `"au/constants/speed_of_light.hh"`:
>     std::cout << v.as(SPEED_OF_LIGHT) << std::endl;
>     // Output:
>     // "9.69257e-08 c"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? example "Example: ad hoc constants get ad hoc labels"
    Let's take the following speed, and express it in terms of the speed of light, using a constant:

    ```cpp
    constexpr auto v = (miles / hour)(65.0);
    ```

    First, an ad hoc constant:

    ```cpp
    constexpr auto c = make_constant(meters / second * mag<299'792'458>());

    std::cout << v.as(c) << std::endl;
    // Output:
    // "9.69257e-08 [299792458 m / s]"
    ```

    Note how the program is correct, and the label is accurate, but clunky: it prints
    `[299792458 m / s]` instead of a concise label such as `c`.

    By contrast, we can use a fully defined constant.  This is generally a little more effort, but
    some constants, such as `SPEED_OF_LIGHT`, are included out of the box:

    ```cpp
    // Found in `"au/constants/speed_of_light.hh"`:
    std::cout << v.as(SPEED_OF_LIGHT) << std::endl;
    // Output:
    // "9.69257e-08 c"
    ```

    There's no difference in the program that gets executed, but the printed label is a lot easier
    to understand.
```

I love this example!  Thanks for adding it.  I decided to turn it into an expandable Example admonition, and add some narrative flow.
